The Skylight 15” Digital Calendar is a game changer and is one of the best investments we made in years. Innovative and multifunctional I can now see all of mine, my husband’s, and our pet’s appointments, flea and tick treatments, and other appointments and events when we walk past the Skylight many times a day. I also have alerts set to remind me when it’s time to take my bi-monthly injections. I’ve recently been diagnosed with diabetes so I’m new to finger-sticks and the skylight calendar is a great way to help keep me in check until it becomes a habit. We purchased the annual Skylight Plus subscription so my husband can now have Skylight to convert emails with meetings scheduled to events and the ability to upload photos is a win win! I recommend to anyone with a busy lifestyle and even older folks like us because let’s face things begin to go when you reach a certain age or have health issues that affect your memory and for me it’s a double whammy! lol (Sentiment: positive)

This is a great product that my girlfriend and I have used for several months now and we love it. Unfortunately, if you want to display photos on the SkyLight it’ll cost you $4/mo or $40/year at the time of writing this. It really pains me to see this feature locked behind a paywall - and not even one you can buy permanently as there is no “lifetime” option. I would *consider* paying for that as a permanent upgrade, but to only have it available as a subscription can only be seen for what it is - a cash grab. Until they make a change to this business model, this product does not deserve five stars. (Sentiment: negative)

Amazing organizer and calendar, it lets you add multiple calendars so you can sync everything together. I put it right near my front door so leaving I can check my day, you can add meals per day, chores, and a to do list as well. This has completely changed how I plan out my time (Sentiment: positive)

With as busy as life gets nowadays, it’s always nice to have a center for all of your plans. We are a family of four in between soccer practice, dance and other events. This thing has helped keep us all on track. My wife and I especially enjoy the fact that this has a chore tracker and our kids have been on top of their chores since we installed this thing a number of months ago. Yes you do have to pay for some of the advanced features but it’s only $40 a year and the peace of mind of knowing what’s coming for dinner and just having a really nice digital picture frame on the wall helps as well. The installation was extreme Easy and took no time at all. I already had a hole in the wall from a previous security system that we are no longer using, and this fit perfectly over it and was able to hide the cords in the wall as well. Simply put if you’re on the fence just do it. It’s a great piece of mind for your family to be aligned on all the things coming down the pipeline! (Sentiment: positive)

I had grown tired of managing multiple calendars - multiple work and family calendars, plus family activities. Updates would never make it to the right calendars, and we ended up as disorganized as I started. The Skylight device was perfect for merging all of the calendars. The sync feature makes this very easy. It is also easy to view tasks and chores, no more "to do" list floating around on a post it note. The calendar is out in the open and makes it easy to check schedules. All in all a great solution to stay organized at home. (Sentiment: positive)

This smart device has made my household run so much smoother. It helps my family stay on top of chores, meals for the week, and even grocery shopping. With the $50/year subscription, we can email important dates directly to the Skylight email, and they automatically upload to the calendar—super convenient! One of my favorite features is that we can also upload pictures, turning it into a beautiful digital photo album for my family. It’s such a thoughtful touch that brings us joy every day. I honestly wish I had purchased this sooner. It has been a tremendous help in organizing our busy lives while keeping our memories alive. Highly recommend it to anyone looking to simplify and enrich their home routine! (Sentiment: positive)

My husband suggested this and i absolutely love it! It is so easy to use. To specify i habe not tried to sync 3rd party calendars. U have to much junk and dont need to world to see me track my spending lol. I can color code easily and invite family members to add what they feel i need to know like unexpected changes to work schedules or vacations. I highly recommend. The 15" is a perfect size. It may he to heavy to mount on the wall so it is simply on our counter which works well. We live in an apartment so drilling holes is a big no. Anyone wanting to mount just make sure you use a studded spot as i am not sure dry wall will be sturdy enough. The cord is a good length. (Sentiment: positive)

Purchased this for my wife for Christmas. She's an analyst for the DoD and is very organized. Show absolutely loves it. Even said that I "won" Christmas this year (she usually beats me in that competition every year). She was even able to integrate some calendar app that she uses... Not one of the "usual" ones .. can't think of the name at the moment. She also likes the chore chart for the kids. App works very well. Set up wasn't the greatest, but not hard. She also paid the subscription to have her photos show up on the calendar. It's actually been a really nice addition to our kitchen. It's a photo display most of the time, but a very well done productivity tool the rest of the time. The other bonus was that it came with a stand and a wall mount. Really appreciated not having to buy an accessory to hang out on the wall or stand it on the counter. I would definitely recommend this product. (Sentiment: positive)

Works great! We love the photo frame feature and the subscription for the chores and reminder options is great! The only issue we’ve had is that it stopped working and had to replace the power plug. (Sentiment: negative)

This has been on my wish list for a while now. I finally purchased it and it did not disappoint. After a few calendar mishaps I wanted a way to simplify managing the family schedule and to be able to display our google/outlook calendars for the whole family to see. This is the perfect solution. Now everyone can see what is happening for the week or month ahead. Setup and calendar syncing was quick and it is extremely easy to use. We love the chore and list features as well. Very happy with this purchase! (Sentiment: positive)

This a wonderful item. I love all features of being able to assign events to people and the ability to have chores for the household along with making lists for groceries. The meal planning option is also very helpful and love the fact that you can add a recipe so that you can go back and retrieve it. Recommend very highly for anyone. (Sentiment: positive)

Great family tool, keeps schedule at a glance and the chore cart my kids love being able to see what needs completed and then hitting the check makes them smile. Would recommend if you have a busy life with kids. (Sentiment: positive)

This calendar is amazing. My children love the chore function. Ever since I bought it my family has been more organized. Can’t wait to use this during the school year. (Sentiment: positive)

Moms...ladies... Your crazy schedule and constant questions of 'what game do I have tonight?' or 'what time is my Ortho appt tomorrow?' are no more! We have 4 future Olymions in our house and 8 crazy schedules. The erasing of the paper calendar is no more! As soon as I get a notification saying, 'surprise, we are moving practice to an hour earlier tonight.' I just go into my handy app, update and the entire family is updated! And it's so easy to display in the common area of the house. So no more missing or forgetting! Such a life saver! Would I recommend... I've insisted on my baseball team Moms all get them for Father's Day! (Sentiment: positive)

Easy to use with the application. No need to pay for upgrade. Color makes it easy for kids to read. (Sentiment: positive)

This calendar is fantastic! I do love everything about this device! I do wish it had the option to add a meal plan for breakfast and lunch as well as dinner. If I could scroll up and down into the next week or month instead of pressing the aarows right or left will take somegetting used to. 10/10 a must have! (Sentiment: positive)

Best family planning tool on the market. The app made it super easy to use, install, and share data. It’s so hard to keep track of our family’s busy schedules so this will be a life saver! I’m also very excited for the meal planning tool so we can easily plan our family dinners. In addition to the calendar, it is so fun to add pictures and use it as a rotating picture frame! Such a fun conversation piece. Lastly, we are excited to utilize the chores feature to track who is in charge of what for the week! (Sentiment: positive)

I like it but I thought it was going to be able to send notifications to my phone or something other than that it’s just a good calendar and photo frame (Sentiment: negative)

This is so nice to look at every morning to see everything I have for the day/ week. It is a life saver! (Sentiment: positive)

Absolutely beautiful. The best gift I’ve ever given my husband. Bright, convenient, and handsome. Great addition to our kitchen counter. (Sentiment: positive)

