I was skeptical about the reviews but decided to purchase these anyways. I dont suffer from migraines but if I did, I think it would be worth it to purchase them for some pain relief. They are not difficult to use whatsoever! So whoever says they are difficult… thats just a user error issue. There are only a few options so you just tap the buttons to switch the effect, while they are on. I think the warming & the pressure on the temples felt nice. I didnt like the vibration though. I havent tried anything like this before so it was nice to try but I also think its expensive for what it does. I would say it provides mild relief. I used them about 10 times before writing this review. (Sentiment: negative)

Over many years i have had occasional headaches and so has my wife. We decided to buy and tey this device. Not inly has it gotten rid of our headaches quickly without havung to use medication. It has also reduced the frequency of the headaches which is just plain wonderful. Its a great device to help you fall asleep as well. Not sure why so many people complain, maybe they just wear it wrong. Idk. (Sentiment: positive)

Works as expected, and fits me well. As others mentioned it doesn't fit all face shapes as the hinge in the middle only allows pivoting, no extension. (Sentiment: positive)

Got it gelp me relax at the end of the day. Has three heat settings, thee massage settings and three presets: relax, focus and sleep. You can change the default in the app. I prefer the wave massage as apposed to low and high settings. I have a subscription to meditate and this offers a few diffrent sessions just for getting the device. While not as many options as meditate it isnt bad. Take your time to make sure the headband is toght but not too tight, this thing while light does have some weight to it. Build quality is great abd has a heart rate sensor to tell you what your start and end heart rate were while using the app to start sessions. (Sentiment: positive)

I LOVE THIS GIFT I BOUGHT FOR MYSELF. Then i bought one for my daughter. It is a mini massage, eye strain reliever, dry eye soother, heart rate monitor, "take me away calgon" device. (Sentiment: positive)

The goggles are a great relief for those of us that suffer headaches on a frequent basis. The goggles are an amazing therapy method that provide relief thru the heat, vibration and for me particularly the massage aspect. The moment you take them outside of the box you will know they are a quality product, the material feels to have a quality build-feel, the underside plush has a very soft comfortable feel against your eyes, the cloth on the front of the goggles has a nice clean look to it. They do feel a bit bulky, slightly heavy but it is not an issue for me because i sue them when i am lying down so the weight and feel are not an issue. The elastic band is very adjustable and i find a snug fit works best for the massage aspect so that the mechanism presses into my temples and provides a good stress massage. The heating aspect is suprisingly good, it heats up very quickly and there is a noticeable jump in the heat settings in between heat settings. The massage setting are for the most part pretty basic but the work performed on your temples does provide relief and it does get enough pressure to feel like a massage. The vibration aspect seemed to me to be the weakest part of the design, its just a basic vibration setting which makes more noise while operating as opposed to the relief it provides. Overall it is a very welcome addition for a stress headache or even right before, those that suffer from headaches can feel it brewing and i found these goggles help treat it before it kicks in and sometimes eliminates it from forming. I highly recommend it (Sentiment: positive)

----- SUMMARY ----- Verdict: Anyone can benefit from better focus, relaxation, or sleep, and the Therabody SmartGoggles can help you achieve each. I wouldn’t say I’ve had struggles in any particular area but was pleasantly surprised by how much the SmartGoggles have helped me. This is an excellent relaxation gadget that has become a part of my daily routine, and I recommend trying it. Pros: - Easy to use - Comfortable to wear - Portable design - Three modes to choose from - Customizable heat and vibration - Good battery life Cons: - None ----- DETAILS ----- Design & Use: Therabody’s SmartGoggles are like a high-tech eye mask. They might look a little silly but you won’t care once you try them. More on the experience later. Using the SmartGoggles is simple. There are three buttons on the top, one for power and toggling through modes, one for toggling through vibrations, and another to toggle through heat levels. You just put the SmartGoggles on your head, adjust the strap as needed, and select your desired settings. There’s also a Therabody mobile app that integrates with the SmartGoggles and allows you to control the device from your phone, enhance the experience with sound therapy, and more. The shape of the SmartGoggles, as well as their adjustable strap, and soft leather-like material make them comfortable to wear. Battery life is generally about 150 minutes or about ten 15-minute sessions. To charge the SmartGoggles, plug the USB-C end of the included cable into the device and the USB-A end into a phone charger or computer. I like the portable, foldable design of the SmartGoggles and that Therabody included a soft protective case for them. The SmartGoggles have a smart design that couldn’t be simpler to use. Features & Performance: The Therabody SmartGoggles provide a combination of heat, vibration, and massage to relieve eye strain, release facial tension, or help you relax and sleep in the evening. I’ve put it to the test and can say it’s effective at doing all of that. If you have a headache, it’s an even more rejuvenating experience. My favorite mode, SmartRelax, is powered by Tharabody’s SmartSense Technology. Using its small heart rate sensor, the SmartGoggles recognize your heart rate from the pulse in your temple and the vibration pattern mimics it. This personalized vibration pattern is clinically designed to lower your heart rate, and it really works. In the Therabody app, you can see your heart rate at the start and end of a session. So far, all my sessions have resulted in a lower heart rate. I compared the Therabody heart rates to my smartwatch and saw similar results. If it’s midday, I like to use the second of the three modes called Focus. This mode primarily releases tension between your eyebrows and relieves eye strain. Though I do enjoy midday use of the SmartGoogles, I more often use the device before bed to help me wind down and sleep better. I like to use SmartRelax mode for a bit and then end with the last of the three modes, Sleep. To promote sleepiness, the Sleep mode gently massages your temples and delivers slow-wave vibration. If you happen to fall asleep (which is quite possible with how relaxing it is), the SmartGoggles turn off automatically after 15 minutes. In any of the three modes, you can toggle through a low, medium, or high heat, or turn the heat off. You can also modify the vibration intensity. With the three different modes as well as the customizable vibration and heat, you can tailor the experience to your liking. ----- WHAT’S IN THE BOX ----- 1 x SmartGoggles device 1 x Soft protective case 1 x USB-A to USB-C charging cable 1 x Instruction manual (Sentiment: positive)

The smart goggle are a very SI-FI looking device which have a great build and excellent comfort, the inside area where your eyes sit is very soft and supple. The app integration is super easy , basically sign into you Therabody app and everything works. The smart goggles have 3 simple controls to help control the head/vibration and turning the goggles on and off, my only issue was at times with the power button. The power button doubles as a selection button for relax/recover/sleep profiles on the goggles and this didn’t always work perfectly. There tends to be a bit of a learning curve when selecting modes and actually turning on the device if you choose to use it without the app, now with the app everything seems to be seamless which I’m assuming everyone will be using since the product does get over the air updates. After using the goggles I did notice that my eyes felt refreshed, the best way I can describe what that means is when you put on a brand new pair of contacts. Everything looked clearer and when using them during work breaks I noticed that it reduced/removed my dry eye issue with contacts. The massage portion and the heat function on the goggles are very nicely tuned, I never felt as if it was too much pressure/heat on any of the settings. The feel of the goggles and the strap tension has been perfected so to not cause any pain or annoyance to any user. The app integration is very nice and clean, it helps you select modes to cater to the type of massage/relaxation you want. While the app is really nice and intuitive I did have one major complaint with the product and that is sound integration. The speaker/sound/instructions being offered by the app, since the goggles have no speakers, is coming from the phone so you would have to use in ear headphones to fix this issue. For a first generation product the goggles do mostly everything right and make me wonder why no one else has really even considered caring for the muscles around our eyes. I would highly recommend to someone that works on a computer all day or has issues with dry eyes. (Sentiment: positive)

Initially I was a bit skeptical to try these however I suffer from eye strain headaches from heavy monitor use. I do also get the occasional migraine and will try anything to help stop one when symptoms start. Eye strain - I combined this with a pomodoro timer to take "eye breaks" for 10-15 minutes at a time. The results really suprised me. Prior to these, I would take a short walk - work on something I really did not have to stare at etc . . . That seems to help stave off some of the tension and eyestrain effect but generally by five or six p.m. I would still be off to do something with the typical "movie theater" headache. Adding these in with the same times breaks and just "chilling out" in relaxation mode has eliminated the post screen-work headaches almost entirely. For longer working sessions ( I do have the occasional 14-20+ hour day ) this has become an essential tool in keeping my eyes and brain functional. I strongly suspect the stress reducing impact of these is the combination of massage, heat and being pushed to actually relax for a period of time. It's way better than just taking a normal break ! Migraine use - I have not yet been able to try this in the period in which I have owned them. If I can update this review at a later time I will. I suspect this will be a bit strong or uncomfortable once a migraine has started but it will be neat to try as a relaxation technique when the symptoms leading up to one begin. The app ! - The iphone and android version both work to control and tune the functions of the smart goggles. I had no issue installing, setting up or using it. What's in the box - You get the massage SmartGoggles, the charging cord, a manual and a padded travel case. They fold in half for travel and storage. What I like - They work ! Far better than I would have thought ! The heat in combination with the massage is very soothing. Not so great - Weight - if you are sitting upright these are fairly heavy. This is likely a trade off for the massaging capability. (Sentiment: negative)

I recently purchased the Eye Massager Goggles, and they have been an absolute game-changer! As someone who spends long hours in front of a computer, I often experience eye strain and headaches. These goggles have provided incredible relief and relaxation. The design is sleek and comfortable, fitting perfectly around my eyes without feeling too tight. The material is soft and breathable, making it pleasant to wear even during longer sessions. The controls are intuitive and easy to use, allowing me to adjust the settings to my preference effortlessly. What I love most is the combination of heat, vibration, and air pressure massage modes. The gentle warmth helps soothe tired eyes, while the vibrations and air pressure mimic the feeling of a professional massage. After using these goggles for a few weeks, I’ve noticed a significant reduction in my eye fatigue and headaches. My eyes feel refreshed, and I’ve even experienced better sleep quality. The battery life is impressive, lasting multiple sessions before needing a recharge. Overall, the Eye Massager Goggles have exceeded my expectations. They are a must-have for anyone looking to alleviate eye strain and improve overall eye health. I highly recommend them to anyone who spends a lot of time on screens or simply wants a soothing, spa-like experience at home! (Sentiment: positive)

This pair of TheraBody Smart Goggles has made a big impact on my anxiety and sleep. The first time I put them on, I didn’t like them at all. I thought they were too heavy, too noisy, and I really didn’t know what to expect. I took them off and read some more about them and the different modes. I loosened up the strap some, made sure they were in the proper place on my eyes, and continued to test each setting. The heaviness went away, they were massaging my temples, and it felt great. The the heat and the gentle massaging really does it for me. I am still a bit uncomfortable with it putting pressure on my temples, although it did feel great. They have a biometric sensor on the inside of them that helps you lower your heart rate and reduce stress. That works wonders. The vibration makes a noise I like and that helps relax me too. They have Bluetooth that I pair with my smartphone. The app has preset modes, and mini relaxing, stress reducing, and sleep inducing sessions. I get headaches and these smart goggles help with them too. They come with a charging cable and a soft case. They fold up to put into the case. The charge last quite awhile. The manual says about 150 hours, depending on mode, but I have used them every day multiple times for about a week, and they are still on the same charge. The only reason that I didn’t give them 5 stars is because the sound it makes when it puts pressure on your temples in massage mode. Vibration mode is totally fine. It’s just a personal preference thing though. I’d recommend them in a heartbeat. (Sentiment: positive)

I received the Therabody Smart Goggles in White, I must say these are very nice and soothing, like a large, comfy eye mask made from a buttery soft leather-like fabric, with heat, vibration and massage and its perfect for those headaches and migraines. They fold in half and are super lightweight, so easy to travel with. There are 3 levels to try, Focus - heat and massage, Relax - heat, vibrations and massage, Sleep - Heat, medium vibration plus temple massage. Each setting can be adjusted to your liking for more or less, heat, vibration or massage. You can add sound therapy, with plenty of tracks to choose from, and you can also track your stats via the Theramind app. They work quickly and will turn off after 15 minutes. Overall, these are not a miracle cure all, but are great to have with good benefits of use as to ease facial tension, relieve eye strain, decrease headache pain, relax your mind and body. I would definitely recommend to anyone who suffers from headaches or migraines, or work with computers a lot that suffer from eye strain. (Sentiment: positive)

I've had these goggles for about a month now. I work from home and am usually glued to a screen for about 8+ hours/day. I usually take a break in the afternoon and strap on the goggles. They fit snugly. I use the presets (light rain, white noise, etc) in the Therabody app and listen through my AirPods. I set heat and vibration to high. I'm usually konked out in 5 mins and my eyes feel refreshed when I'm done. The goggles also measure your heart rate. My HR usually drops by 10bpm or so during a session. The only con is that, if you're not wearing headphones, you can hear an internal grinding noise on the left side of the goggles from the vibration, which can obviously take away from the experience. I always wear AirPods, so this isn't a big deal for me. It's the only reason why I docked it a star. All in all, highly recommended. (Sentiment: positive)

Love it! They are as described. I love options of mode and heat is nice and right temp. I used on my child too and helps him to relax even if it's min or two. The roller in great pressure and I can how it helps headaches and tension. Until you use you don't know! I took risky and went for it. Glad I did. I sleep better now (Sentiment: positive)

My wife love it. Help a lot with the migraine also after long day work help to relax. (Sentiment: positive)

Comfortable, relaxing and with great quality. Really helps me to sleep and relax. (Sentiment: positive)

I suffer from migraines and this has helped me so much I can use for 15minutes and notice the pain relief. Also great on stressful days it relaxes you and puts you right to sleep. I would definitely recommend! 10 out of 10. (Sentiment: positive)

This has been such a game changer for me! I mainly use it at night before bed to relax and destress but it even helps when I get headaches during the day. It’s very comfortable and quiet, especially if you use noise-canceling headphones with some of their sessions in the app. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone wanting to take better care of their mental health and wellbeing. (Sentiment: positive)

Second pair. My wife loves her pair (she get migraines and headaches often). My daughter and her husband wanted a pair this purchase was for them. They love it. (Sentiment: positive)

It is great for promoting relaxation when going ti bed. Also great when treating a headache. (Sentiment: positive)

