These cameras are a great balance between low maintenance, low overhead, and usability. With a solar panel recharging and wireless connectivity, your setup and maintenance are low, and there’s flexibility in mounting with some caveats. Setup and installation were easy. There are two screws and a bracket along with a placement sticker to help you with drilling holes. Since they rely on the sun for recharging the batteries, you want to be careful about mounting under an awning or gutters. If you’re drilling into masonry or vinyl, I would recommend getting some silicone sealant to use around the screws and bracket to keep up the weatherproofing. I did find there are options online from 3rd-party sellers to mount using vinyl hooks or gutter hooks, so those are options available if you’re not comfortable drilling into your home. Once you decide where you want your cameras, go through the setup process for the base station and the cameras. There’s a quick start guide, and you can follow prompts from the app on getting everything going. I like how the app shows a QR code for you to point the camera at for quick pairing. Also, during this process, you’ll be prompted to set up the AI feature for setting up “familiar faces”. This is a feature that recognizes family members so you can reduce unwanted notifications and limit false positives. Finally, you’ll likely be prompted to check for software updates on both the base unit and the camera. I recommend going ahead and doing this while also charging the cameras before first use and mounting them outside. Once set up, you do everything from the app. You can click on the play button to go to the live feed. From there, you can record a video clip, take a screenshot, toggle night view, sound an alarm, or speak through the speaker. The camera resolution is great. I can easily make out license plates of the vehicles in my driveway. There is a sign in the yard across the street that becomes difficult to make out, but the view of my driveway is excellent, even in night mode. In night mode, you can still easily make out people from cars. I did notice there’s a bit of reflection off of my license plate, which makes it a bit hard to read at night, but this would happen with any IR camera, and if you have enough outdoor light, you can toggle off night vision. You can also easily look at clips captured. The base station comes with 16GB of initial storage, but it is upgradable to 16TB. Clips can be accessed by clicking the events button on the app, and you can look at clips by day, and they’re labeled by timestamp. You can click the filter button and select additional filters such as event type, detection type, and by which device captured the footage you’re looking for. Once you view a clip, you have the option to download, share, mark as a favorite, or delete. There’s also a donate option which allows you to provide videos to Eufy to help train its AI algorithms. This is an opt-in feature you must agree to, but Eufy offers points for videos donated to the cause, and you can earn gifts with enough points. There are a few things I’ve noticed that are great as well as some improvements to be made. The app itself is intuitive and easy to use. I like how quickly it is to navigate in the app and the speed in which the videos load for viewing. When viewing the live video in portrait, you have record, clip, speaker, and volume options and must click the menu to access the rest. When you change to landscape, you only have the Alarm, sound, and record options and no clear way to access the other buttons. Both have the hold to speak option, but I found that the speaker wasn’t quite as loud as I expected. My guess is if there’s a lot of ambient noise, you’ll have a hard time hearing anyone through the speakers. Battery life hasn’t been much of a concern. I did an initial charge using a wall charger, then since they’ve been outside, I haven’t noticed any battery drain. I do wish I could see a percentage value like I could when I was charging them so I can see if I need to adjust for more sunlight or optimize recording. All in all, these are great security cameras. Fast app with smart AI features for person recognition. The local storage is great if you’re avoiding costly monthly fees and expandable with cloud backup as an option for a monthly fee. I like the idea of not having to run wires if I decide to move them around and still keeping charged using the sun. (Sentiment: positive)

Perfect quality Fast installation. and the price is totally worth (Sentiment: positive)

Several months back, I finally decided to dip my toe into the home security video system market and ordered a modest single ring camera. Through this, I learned several things about what I like and dislike. What I found out I disliked the most was: 1. Having to rely on an Internet connection to receive and view my video feed versus having a direct local area network (LAN) system set up with a direct feed. 2. A lack of local storage and being dependent on cloud storage 3. Having to pay a subscription service just to store and view footage. 4. Having to pay a subscription service for basic AI/motion/object detection to limit false alarms/warnings. 5. Higher resolution picture quality than 1080p. 6. Better night time image quality. Having spent several months figuring out what I did want, I settled on trying the Eufy 2k security kit. On paper, it checks all the boxes. It has two remote 2k cameras, a storage/control hub that not only includes 16GB of storage, but a slot for extra storage in a very common 2.5" form factor. The company touts its higher level of functionality without needing to pay a subscription fee and it includes AI capabilities for free. The box was heavier than I expected, but inside were two very high quality feeling cameras. I like the cameras because they are powered via solar charging and if needed, they have a USB-C port on the bottom for direct charging/power. The heft and build quality of the cameras is much better than the Ring units. Also included if needed is wall mounting hardware. The cameras are rated for both indoor and outdoor use. I used both cameras inside the house in window sills. Eufy did include a small USB-C cable for charging but no charging adapters themselves. Luckily, the cameras can plug into just about any standard USB-C charger/cable. The S380 homebase is also very VERY solid and feels like a top end cable modem in build quality. The top pops right off and inside you will see the slot for installing a 2.5" drive for extra video capture. I was very happy to see this, as I was worried about how quick 16GB would fill/recycle. The S380 also comes with a barrel power supply and an ethernet cable. I most reiterate just how well built and solid the S380 homebase is when held. While the kit comes with 2 cameras, the S380 can control up to 16 devices. I can't see needing that many ever, but it's nice to know in the future if I want to expand, I can just add in additional cameras. Physically setting up the S380 is as easy as plugging it into the wall and plugging in the supplied ethernet cable into your S380 and an open port on your router/hub. Configuration and setup is via a smartphone (iOS or Android) as always and you will need to download an app to get things going. All devices have voice prompts / indicators so don't jump when you hear your devices indicate their statuses. Compared to Ring, the setup is a bit more involved and your cameras and S380 will need to be on the same wifi network along with your smartphone. The S380 will also be sync'd up with the app and the cloud via its ethernet connection. Once everything is connected and setup, you can then remotely check your video feeds as long as you have internet data which most smart phones do these days. One thing I do like about the S220 cameras is you can use them either connected to the S380 or your router directly. This gives you the option of using a S220 as a stand alone monitoring device if you choose. There are firmware updates for both the S380 and the S220 once connected. I opted to connect them to my S380 for local streaming and storage options. Once the camera is connected and sync'd, the app will always let you know how strong the signal is at all times even when moving and positioning it. It really does make it quite easy and nice to get things up and running. My place is modest in size, but even placing it at max distance, the signal was a full five bars. As for the picture quality, it is much better than my Ring camera and with local streaming, everything is smoother and real time. The night mode camera is excellent and trounces the Ring in picture quality and clarity. You are given all the proper information you seek on screen. So far, everything seems to be going well, but nothing is perfect and neither is Eufy but it is really close: While many features are included not included with Ring, unfortunately cross tracking and other more enhanced features are behind a subscription paywall so for truly full functionality you will have to pay a subscription fee. There is a rear mount on the back of the S220, but I wish it also had a bottom mount as I am using it for a window sill and a bottom mount would work much better since these are rated for indoor and outdoor use. The power adapter and ethernet cable could be a bit longer for better placement in other areas. I ended up using an extensions. The app seems a little too busy for its own good trying to be a "one hub for everything" type experience including community features, ad type offers and an over abundance of auxiliary functionality that clouds the experience. I would like to see a more streamlined version of the app that just offers the functionality for the devices, period. In the end, the cons are really not much compared to the overall functionality you get with the Eufy kit. For the price with two very solid solar/battery equipped cameras and a very capable base unit, it has taken care of satisfying all the shortcomings I experienced with the very modest Ring setup I tried. (Sentiment: negative)

Pros: Great image quality Great signal range from base (100ft+) Solar is fully topped up even in fall (Ohio) Simple 2 screw mounting App is easy to understand and use No subscription required Upgrade with hard drive for recordings Cons: Recording trigger distance is a bit low (40ft +/-) Setup, while clear and easy, did hiccup and required a few tweaks Not detecting wife's car at night, 40-60ft away Only been a bit over a week with the Eufy Solo Cams. At first I wasn't sure the cameras were even working/detecting. I did stick them far from the house to watch wildlife that frequents my yard around dusk. Figured this location would be a good test for how often the cameras might false alarm and wifi range. The deer walked through and nothing was detected or recorded. Other cameras did see when animals walked to other regions of the yard. Ultimately, I turned the sensitivity to the high setting (7). Then finally it was able to catch the animals and even myself and my dog when we walked out back. The quality of the video is good, but it struggles with dusk, too bright for night vision and too dark for full color. I think the cameras are far too conservative with the sensors, or maybe the sweet spot for detecting is less that 40 feet. The best thing about the SoloCams camera quality. Even on the most sensitive setting, it did not false alarm on leaves falling, shadows, or the wind. My other cams can still suffer from these pixel shift events. Other observations while using. The app and cameras create a "Local AI" thumbnail if it detects a vehicle, pet or human in the video. It zooms in (not a real optical zoom, digital zoom) and tries to capture a face or body if close enough and places this in the video notification. Very useful for those who put this at a front door. Even though I placed my cams at the likely limit of wifi range. There is no issue getting notified moments after the alert happens. Also noticed both camera seem to be fully charged and not loosing power. This might be do to lower alerts in their location. Heavier traffic locations may struggle more to maintain power long term and northern winter sun may also be an issue. Overall, Eufy SoloCam S220 cameras are a great option for cams that can go almost anywhere around your property as long as the cams can get wifi or base station signal. You can add a hard drive for mass storage on the base module. And/or you can add bigger SD cards to increase storage. 16GB SD card is preinstalled and it might be enough for most. And the solar can also be upgraded to a separate panel (not included) if you have a tough angle to get enough sun on top of the cameras built in solar. Here in Ohio in early fall, the decreased sun angle is still enough to keep mine fully charged. (Sentiment: negative)

I’ve gone through a fair share of security camera systems from multiple brands – both big names and small – and the Eufy Solocam S220 security system is one of the nicest ones I’ve tried. I like it so much because it offers a completely local network system that does not require cloud subscriptions, although it is optional. It’s not perfect, but it comes pretty close. _____ *Pros: -Simple, easy, and fast setup process. -The signal range is long and strong. -Clear video footage. -Good night vision. -Events footage are fast to load and play back. -Good audio quality. -Expandable storage option via a SATA hard drive. -Reasonable cloud storage pricing. -App is snappy and easy to navigate. -Reasonably priced for a local security network system. _____ *Neutral: -I wish I didn’t have to press and hold to speak. _____ *Cons: -Can only view one camera feed at a time. === Setup === The setup process could not be any easier. The Quick Start guide summarizes the steps very well, and I was connected and up and running in less than 10 minutes. The Eufy Security app is well-laid out and snappy and jumping from one step to the next was simple and frustration-free. All the power and networking cables are included in the box, and connecting each piece of the system to my Wi-Fi network – the two cameras and the Homebase 3 – was fast and easy. === Quality and Signal Strength === I was very impressed by the long and strong signal between the Homebase 3 unit and each of the cameras. I placed one camera in our backyard on our shed, which is about 100 feet away from the Homebase located in our bedroom, and the connection was strong, and the lag was very minimal. Both the video and audio came through nice and clear. I cannot say the same for some of my other security systems, such as the Lorex system I got from Best Buy a few years back. The 2304 x 1296 footage is crisp and clear, and the colors are vibrant and accurate. Even in very dark areas, the IR sensor and the f/1.6 aperture do an excellent job capturing details without too much graininess. Although I don’t use the speaker function often to talk, I wish I didn’t have to tap and hold down for two-way communication. I have other security systems where I don’t have to do that, so holding it down makes it cumbersome and annoying. The Eufy Security app has a simple and well-thought-out layout, and I was able to find what I wanted quickly. The Devices tab displays all the connected Eufy products, and the Events tab displays all the saved footage events in reverse chronological order, with the latest event showing on top. I like that I can filter the events to show just humans, pets, or vehicles, and also distinguish between different cameras. The AI Edge tab is where you can add pictures of people’s faces to train the AI to recognize certain people more easily so notifications can be more informative and useful. In the Security tab, you can set different modes, such as Home, Away, Disarmed, Geofencing, Schedule, and Custom. You can also purchase a Protection Plan or subscribe to a Cloud Backup plan inside the app, both of which feel reasonably priced. For instance, a $2.99/month Basic Cloud Plan gives you 30 days of Cloud storage for one device, or $9.99/month for 30 days of videos for up to 10 devices. My favorite feature about the Eufy S220 system, though, is that I don’t have to rely on a Cloud subscription, and just use the local storage function. If you want more than the included 16GB of storage, you can easily add more storage – you just need to get a SATA hard drive and stick it inside the Homebase 3, up to 16TB! Another high positive is the built-in solar panels that can keep the S220 cameras running for a long time. The battery endurance is great, and should you need to charge it up manually, you can do so via a USB-C port safely tucked underneath a weather-resistant silicone cover. I really hope Eufy will make some quality of life adjustments to the app, and allow viewing multiple video feeds at once, and get rid of the tap and hold requirement for 2-way communication. Besides that, the Eufy S220 is quite pleasing, and I really like it. === Is it worth the coin? === Yes, especially if you prefer local storage of video events and would rather not subscribe to a Cloud subscription plan. Simple put, being able to add up to a 16TB hard drive is very nice. Besides that, the S220 cameras provide clear and crisp video and audio, and the connection range and reliability are both superb. I give it 4.5 Stars. (Sentiment: positive)

The Eufy SoloCam S220 cameras come with the Eufy Home Base 3. Additionally, the Eufy S220 cameras feature solar panels to keep batteries charged at all times, night vision, and smart detection software powered by AI. Also, the Home Base 3 allows you to expand storage capacity beyond the included 16 GB of space. Pros: Easy Set up: once fully charged, cameras sync easily to the Home Base 3 with voice guidance. Easy Install: Installation was a breeze. You can choose to use the included installation card (as a guide); it was a smooth process from the start. Solar Power Charge: Keeping cameras charged allows users to spend less time on ladders and more time at ease knowing cameras remain charged. Detection was smart, reliant, and efficient: False detection alerts were less frequent, and I only received notices for the important alerts (such as "human" detection). Cons: Cost of Expandable Storage: Although not required, to get the most out of the Home Base 3, expanding storage can be costly. Lack of spotlight detection: Spotlight detection is a useful deterrent; these cameras could use this function. Recorded Sound is Muffled: Playback sound is muffled and inaudible. Out of the box, the Eufy Home Base 3 and the S220 cameras came well packaged. Instructions included inside the box were helpful, even telling you to fully charge each camera (approximately 2 hours) before installing them outside. Additionally, once the Home Base 3 was plugged in and ready to go (after updates), pairing each camera was a breeze. Through the app, adding cameras was simple; locate the camera type and pair, and the voice guidance system states when the camera is connected and ready for use. While outside, I was able to locate (around my home) the best areas to attach the cameras. Included in the box were installation cards that can help guide (template) where you want to use a drill bit (not included) to pre drill your pilot holes for the base installation. Although I did not generally need the template guide, I felt that the ease of taking apart the base station is self-evident for anyone who installs these cameras. Additionally, the ball-joint system was not cumbersome when I attached the cameras to their bases. Each S220 camera comes with a built-in solar panel to keep cameras fully charged (or close to fully charged) at all times. While my S220 cameras were outside, I did not experience any battery reduction issues. Even at night time, the cameras remain charged. Although higher traffic areas may see some battery drain, I did not experience this at all (my neighborhood does have people walking the sidewalks where these cameras are pointed). The included solar charging will help keep people off of ladders to take cameras down to charge. The smart AI detection software was useful, and I saw fewer and fewer notices from the app (which helps retain battery life, as well as video storage). Additionally, you can set up in the Eufy Security app what you want to be detected, the sensitivity, and set up areas to capture recordings. Out of the box, the settings were fine, and I did not have to make any additional adjustments, other than setting my video settings to 2K recordings, and longer than 8-second videos (again, all of this can be set up via the Eufy Security App). Unfortunately, the S220 cameras come with drawbacks. The cost of expandable storage can become expensive, especially if you are purchasing a reputable brand. Again, the onboard 16GB storage included with the Home Base 3 is fine, but I found that I had to delete my recordings more frequently to free up space. Additionally, the S220 cameras do not contain a spotlight. At night time, auto night vision is enabled, which is fine, but a useful deterrent is to have a spotlight as well as color night vision. Unfortunately, color night vision and spotlights are included in the S230 cameras. Lastly, even without wind reduction (which is not a possibility with these cameras in comparison to other wireless security cameras I have used), sound (people talking) is inaudible. Any noise I found picked up from the S220 cameras sounded muffled and lacked clarity. Overall, the Eufy S220 Solar Power Wireless cameras are an excellent choice for those looking for a constant charge via solar capabilities. The 2K picture is clear and concise, and night vision offers clear visuals as well. However, the S220 cameras are not capable of producing audible audio recordings, the expandable storage can get expensive. More importantly, the deprivation of a spotlight does not provide a useful deterrent system. (Sentiment: negative)

I spend quite a bit of time away from our primary residence and I have been looking for a security camera system that is affordable, easy to set up and can provide the security expected in today’s technology driven world. The eufy Security SoloCam S220 and Homebase 3 bundle not only met my expectation but exceeded them in many areas. Unboxing – In the box are 2 x SoloCam S220 Wireless 2K cameras, 1 x Homebase 3 with 16GB of storage, power and ethernet cables, 2 x USB-C charging cables, 2 x mounting kits and the user’s guides for the cameras and base unit. Everything was well packaged and secured in the box. Set Up – eufy did a great job of making the install and setup of this system very easy. The manuals that are included in the box walk through the setup of the cameras and the Homebase, and once the eufy Security app is downloaded there are online directions provided with voice assist. Simply connect the Homebase 3 unit with the provided ethernet cable to your router or in my case an ethernet expander, power it up and use the app for step-by-step setup. Once the Homebase is connected, the cameras can them be setup and connected to the system. The app also provides step-by-step install instructions. From start to finish it took less than 10 minutes to setup the base and cameras. There were firmware updates for all three devices and that took another 5 minutes of so to run. Mounting – An important step to consider when planning your mounting location is to make sure there is a strong WiFi signal so the camera can stream live video. eufy recommends staying within 600 feet of the WiFi router, which was easily done on my install and the live stream is stable and clear. There are mounting brackets, templates and hardware included so nothing else is needed to install both cameras…outside of a ladder. The app has several mounting tips, which should be followed with these cameras as they have small solar panels on the top for recharging the battery and they need to have direct light to function. It’s also important to get the right mounting locations and angles to capture the best quality video possible. Systems Overview and Use – Once installation is completed, it’s time to customize the system, and eufy provides a number of setting options including Local AI recognition BionicMind, motion detection sensitivity, recording options, video quality, setting up activity zones, notifications and storage to name just a few. The eufy Security app is easy to navigate and is the control behind the whole system. With the AI recognition feature, known faces can be added to the system, so an alert will not be sent, which helps to cut down on unwanted alerts and using up storage space. Within a couple of days of use and a few adjustments, the system is dialed in and I feel secure when not home. The 2K camera output is more than adequate for viewing footage clearly and it can be adjusted down to 1080p if desired. There’s also infrared LEDs for crisp and clear footage at night. Pros: - Very well-built hardware and easy to setup and install - eufy Security App is loaded with features/setup options and is user-friendly - 2K video is crisp and the live feed option is great for piece-of-mind while travelling - Built in AI cuts the number of “false alarms” considerably - Local Storage on Homebase 3, no need to pay for monthly storage, 16 GB available - Can expand HomeBase 3 memory with a HDD slot built in - Alarms on cameras and HomeBase 3 - Two-way communication for added security or speaking to the delivery guy - Solar panel charging, so no cables required, this is so cool! Cons: - The cameras are also listed as indoor, but there does not appear to be a stand available The eufy Security SoloCam S220 and HomeBase 3 combo is exactly what I was hoping for when selecting a home security system. It’s solidly built, easy to install and setup and has so many features and customization options. I would certainly recommend this system for anyone considering a purchase of a security camera system…you will not be disappointed! (Sentiment: negative)

The Eufy SoloCam S220 + Home Base 3 is a compact, solar-powered security camera that stands out from other smart security solutions thanks to its simplicity, sleek design, advanced features, and lack of subscription fees. The first thing I noticed was how the hardware feels robust and well-designed. The Home Base’s mostly white aesthetic blends well with most modern electronics, and the cameras share a similarly sleek, unassuming look. The standout feature of the SoloCam S220 is its built-in solar panel, which powers the camera year-round. During testing, the camera maintained a full charge without any manual recharging, even in cold, cloudy, Midwest weather. Unlike my wired cameras, this solar option allows me to place it anywhere in my yard and move it around as needed, and I appreciated this newfound freedom. The out-of-the-box experience is excellent for users of all tech backgrounds. The app walks you through the quick and straightforward setup steps. The box comes with printed step-by-step instructions for convenience as well. Just charge each camera with the included USB-C cable, pair them with the Home Base 3, and follow the intuitive instructions in the Eufy Security app. As an existing Eufy user, I found this setup familiar and effortless, seamlessly integrating with my current system. The Home Base 3 is flexible with its connectivity options: after a wired setup, it can switch to Wi-Fi. This is nice since it doesn't confine you to placing this device near a network switch or modem. The included mounting brackets and template cards simplify installation. The bracket is nice and simple and allows you to modify the camera's angle and position to help find the perfect spot. The brackets are also removable for easy relocation if the initial placement isn’t ideal. The S220 captures clear, detailed 2K video, making it easy to identify people and objects. One thing I noticed was the lack of a spotlight and color night vision -- features that are not critical, but I do enjoy on the other Eufy devices I own. For users seeking enhanced night visibility and 4K video, the step up to the more premium S3 Pro model may be worth considering. The camera’s AI-powered detection effectively minimizes false alarms by focusing on relevant activities like human movement which helps save on both battery and storage. The app allows you to customize multiple aspects of your setup: you can adjust detection sensitivity, set specific monitoring zones, and control video length among other things. While the default settings are reliable, customization options are nice for fine-tuning the security system to your specific needs. One of the most appealing aspects of the SoloCam S220 system is its subscription-free storage model, which is increasingly rare in today’s smart home market. Unlike competitors who charge recurring fees, the Home Base 3 includes 16GB of onboard storage for free video storage. Depending on traffic, this might be sufficient with occasional video purges. There’s also an option to expand storage by installing an internal hard drive, offering flexibility for users with frequent alerts and longer recordings. Overall, the Eufy SoloCam S220 + Home Base 3 provides a reliable, flexible, and low-maintenance security solution. It’s an excellent choice for users looking to avoid subscription fees while enjoying quality video and the convenience of solar power. (Sentiment: positive)

I got these to replace another set that had begun charging a monthly service fee and I couldn't be happier with the results. Their box states free forever so I'm hoping they stick with that policy. I own several Eufy devices and they are winning me over as a quality brand. They were extremely easy to unpack and get prepped. I plugged both of them in and started to let them charge while I set up the home base. It actually took about an hour or so to finish charging them and they came with about 40% charge. The instructions said to charge fully and I'm guessing that has to do with the solar charging and optimizing it to keep the batteries full as much as possible. The home base was very easy to integrate into our home network. I hardwired it in and didn't even check to see if you could use wireless. I downloaded the app, logged in (as I stated, I already have an account with them but it's a different app for the security devices), and followed the directions. There are voice prompts from the home base and step-by-step instructions in the app. It immediately added it to my system and told me it was ready. It could not be made any simpler in my opinion. While the cameras charged, I took the mounting hardware and attached them to the house. I basically replicated the locations to match my former system so there wasn't a whole lot of indecision or trial and error. The mounting clips are easy to install on wood, just two screws to hold the base and then you screw the rotating mount to the base and screw the camera on the mount. The whole process takes about 2-3 minutes per camera. Since installing the home base and the camera mounts took so little time, I decided to configure the cameras while they finished charging. In the app, I assigned each camera a name and set the options for it. I love the options! You can configure how often to record, the sensitivity, configure the battery for optimal surveillance or for optimal life, and configure the system home and away modes with setting for each camera independent of the others. You can set it up to sound a camera alarm if you're in away mode and it detects motion (while it could be handy, in a busy neighborhood it will be very annoying) and tell it what to try to identify using it's built in AI algorithm. So far, it has correctly identified all of them (vehicles, pets, people) and that is useful when it sends a text message of motion. Happy with the configuration, I took the fully charged cameras and mounted them. I used the app with a live view to adjust for optimal angle and tightened everything down. They feel very secure and it's survived two very heavy storms without the cameras shifting. I tested the microphone and speaker and that would be the biggest weakness in my opinion. There is a slight delay, but there always is with these kinds of devices. I think they'll be fine to say something to someone at the door, but not to carry on a conversation. We've had them installed for a week now and it's been cloudy and rainy almost every day, but the cameras are at 99% and 96% battery so the solar is doing it's thing well even with little sunshine. One of my cameras is mounted over the front door and there is an eave over it that I was worried would limit it's charging, but it is pointed down and the solar panel exposed to the western sky. Not optimal, but it is still charging and keep up even with constant monitoring. I am very impressed with the charging abilities. The solar panels being mounted directly on the camera and not requiring a separate cable or mounting is genius. The fact it provides enough power to keep them charged just enhances my feeling on them. These are the 2K resolution and they are still very, very clear. You can see my dead grass (severe drought in the area) in stunning clarity. More importantly, I can identify who is approaching the house instead of a generic blob. They are clear enough to see and read vehicle license plates, identify individuals, and identify specific neighborhood animals. I was worried 2K was going to be lacking in clarity, but it definitely is not. The app is great for monitoring and reviewing as well. It stores on a local drive and then gives a secure connection to it so even if the internet provider is down, it'll log and you can review it later. Much better than a standard cloud service in my opinion. Two of the pictures I'm attaching are saved snapshots directly from the app and the third is a photo of the camera installed to show how the integrate into the house without being obstructive or gaudy. (Sentiment: negative)

I recently upgraded to the Eufy S220 and Homebase 3 set from the original Eufy cam and homebase. My original Eufy set is several years old and finally showing its age. The original homebase and a single camera are the only pieces that still work well. All of the other original cameras ceased working over time,although we did add additional cameras over time as original cameras failed. The original rechargeable cameras promised battery life of up to a year, but I’ve never witnessed a camera last a full year. One camera did initially last six to eight months per charge. It’s also the last standing camera from the original bundle. It currently only lasts a few months per charge, however it is still a highly useful and integral part of our camera system. This kit is designed to use supplemental solar power for recharging and is best used outdoors in full exposure sunlight. The instructions even contain a pictogram warning against use in shade or indoors. However, I’ve been using one camera outdoors in direct sunlight and the other indoors in dim light just to test battery life without solar power. Battery life on both has been impressive so far. The battery levels of both cameras are still at full capacity after a week. I’m curious how the eventual sub-freezing outdoor weather or the lack of sunlight for the indoor camera will eventually affect that. Setup of the system is quick and straightforward. I purchased an optional 500GB SSD to expand storage capacity. It’s easy to both install and format an expansion drive in the Homebase 3. Mounting screws are even provided in the set. Device setup is performed through the Eufy app. Devices are added by scanning the on-device QR codes to add them to the app. I was able to replace the old homebase with the new homebase 3, add the new cameras, and switch the old cameras to the new homebase in the account. After configuring both new cameras, the next task was mounting. I put one camera in the basement and another outdoors. As a stucco exterior homeowner, my mounting options are limited. I found a suitable spot off the stucco and high enough to get a decent amount of sunlight. Finding a suitable spot for outdoor placement was the only real setup challenge I encountered. The Eufy app is reliably accurate with motion detection. It notifies me immediately with a snapshot whenever motion is detected by any of the cameras. I can then log into the app and view the timestamped original footage. The app allows me to filter footage by date, home, or camera. It also allows me to customize motion detection to utilize the built-in AI to detect humans, animals, or vehicles. I can also create motion detection zones using masks to help minimize false alarms in busier environments. The 2K video clarity is typically excellent in all lighting. Video captured in bright lighting is always excellent. Low light is pretty good as well and the cameras have night vision that toggles automatically and provides clear video even in near total darkness. Facial recognition works well also. The system identifies human faces and includes a separate cropped facial snip. There is no subscription required to store or access video. Video is stored on the Homebase and accessible from anywhere on-demand over the internet. Storage capacity can be expanded with an optional SSD. In addition to cameras, the Eufy app can be used for all Eufy security devices. We manage cameras, Eufy personal alarms, and Eufy property trackers all through the same app. (Sentiment: negative)

Great cameras. Easy to install. I did not have a power source near me so I went with the solar powered option. They work perfect for what I needed. Probably purchase a few more. I did not get the one with the hard drive. Honestly with what the cameras have and the home base is enough. It only records clips. You can also view on you phone live. (Sentiment: positive)

The Eufy Solo Cam S220 with homebase 3 is a good system for those wanting to avoid monthly subscriptions and having wireless cameras. Cameras: The S220 Cameras have great image quality during the daytime, these cameras can be paired to the base station or to your Wi-Fi in case the home base range is limited. Nighttime quality isn’t the best and can be granny. The solar panel on the cameras are great and keep the S220 charged, depending on the amount of traffic and how much sunlight you get the cameras may forever stay charged. Eufy says 3 hours of sunlight a day is needed to keep the cameras charged; however I have another S220 for over a year now and its always at 100% even when there is less than 3 hours of sun a day. Connection: Cameras can connect to the homebase or your local Wi-Fi, Eufy offers AI automations and facial which actually work. This is great as once the cameras notice “mom/dad” are home you don’t need to check the alert. The only caveat is many of these features only work if the cameras are connected to the homebase. The homebase range is limited to the 2.4 band. This means there is a possibility that you will not be able to connect your cameras to the homebase and if you can’t do that you will miss out on the features (AI detection/familiar faces/automations). App /App integration: The Eufy app is a well-designed app that allows you to see all the cameras in one place and turn on/adjust its AI features. Where Eufy really shines above all other wireless cameras is that is has Google Home/Apple HomeKit and amazon integration. This is huge so you’re not juggling multiple apps, this is great for those setting up home automations with sensors/products from other companies. Playback: The playback of recorded events is decent when the cameras are connected to the homebase, you can easily review prior day events or live stream the cameras. This is where the homebase shines as reviewing older recordings load quick most of the times. Now if you connect the cameras to Wi-Fi without the homebase it’s a totally different story, the internal camera storage is slow to access and at times won’t show events that have happened. Motion detection: This is where the cameras need work, even with the homebase not all detections are caught. I want to say about 90 percent of detections are caught, even with the homebase doing the processing. One great thing is when the cameras are connected to the homebase and one camera detects motion you can automate the rest of the cameras to turn on and start recording. The Solo Cam 220 cameras are decent cameras that you don’t have to worry about running out of battery. The Homebase does a really good job with playback of recorded videos and automations if you’re cameras are connected to the homebase. Being able to expand storage is huge plus and integrating the Eufy to your smart home is something very few companies are doing. While the cameras don’t capture all events there are no false alerts from moving trees/branches. My biggest gripe with them is that the homebase range isn’t long enough which doesn’t allow me to integrate my other Eufy products that are outside of its range. (Sentiment: positive)

Great quality easy setup, love the AI built into the homebase 100%. (Sentiment: positive)

As of right now I like them. I used my 500gb external drive from my computer for extra storage. (Sentiment: positive)

Pretty good camera for the most part, but spotty sometimes. Solar charging works good. (Sentiment: positive)

Excellent security system. The home base 3 eco system makes adding new devices and sensors simple. The app is always improving as well. (Sentiment: positive)

i got everything working the solar cams staying charged video is just fine also go the doorbell with chime (Sentiment: positive)

So one thing that Eufy and Bust Buy (and nearly every other retailer and e-tailer for that matter) fail to mention is that the HomeBase works best when you add a hard drive to the mix. The good news is that nearly any laptop hard drive is compatible, and is incredibly easy to add. The bad news is you may also need to buy a precision screwdriver to install the drive. The bad news is you’ll probably decide two weeks later that you need a bigger hard drive. I suggest a 5400 RPM model as transfer speed isn’t a big issue but heat may be at some point. Otherwise, the S220 cameras are great and easy to use, the HomeBase is incredibly easy to use, and there are so many compatible options in the Eufy ecosystem to this that you’ll be able to find a camera to fit ANY need. Just as a side note, the reason I suggest a hard drive over a SSD with the HomeBase is that SSDs have a shorter lifespan than hard drives while being constantly written to, especially lower-end models with QLC memory chips. With 5 of my cameras constantly recording at 2k resolution, I’ve already captured 320GB of video in a week. Best Buy does sell 1 and 2 TB laptop hard drives that work perfectly with this and won’t break the bank. (Sentiment: positive)

Love these cameras. Bought two kits. Easy to install easy way to charge if they dont get charged by solar charge. 100% recommend to anyone. (Sentiment: positive)

Overall easy to setup, quality is decent but I felt it to be a little on the expensive side, I do feel they should put different brackets inside instead of ones to drill into. (Sentiment: negative)

