Plan on returning. It’s not really comfortable. The straps are not easy to use. The vibration actually caused me to have a headache and I’m not typically a person to have headaches. You can change the setting of vibrations but none of them felt relaxing. It’s hard to spend $600 on a product and have to wait 3-6 months to see any real results and by that time. I can’t return it. Also think it shouldn’t turn off after 9mins. So it’s a consistent restart So given that the mask vibration doesn’t feel relaxing and having to wait such a long period of time to potentially see results, just not worth the risking $600 on. (Sentiment: negative)

This thing actually works! See my photos from before and after. I was initially very conscious of my smile line since it appeared to have become more prominent over the years. As you can see from the first photo (BEFORE), my lines were deep even without smiling. I had low hopes but still took a photo to track progress and HOLY SMOKES. My lines are less obvious and it totally makes a difference in my face. I've also noticed a slight evening of skin tone and my pores also look smaller. And I paid full price, out of pocket for this, not a promo. (Sentiment: positive)

This product really has made a difference in my skin since I started using it. I like that I can skip to the third acne setting for a shorter targeted treatment if needed. The time between charging is longer than I had imagined, I wish there was a battery indicator. Charging port is consistent with all the other new products of USB-C which is nice to not have a special charger for it. Charging port and eye protection built in shown in photo. (Sentiment: positive)

I’ve used this for about 90 days, but I’ve been using this consistently(not missing a day) for the last 30days and have definitely seen a difference. Seems to be diminishing my dark spots and my face is glowy. Deep wrinkles are softening some too. (Sentiment: negative)

I got this for my wife as a christmas gift, but she is nice enough to let me use it too. I have vitaligo blotches on my face and after a week, I can already see pigmentation starting to fill in, and my wife's face is looking clearer from the dark spots already. I just wish I had taken before and after pics, but honestly, I didnt expect fast results from this thing, especially with vitaligo within a week. Huge game changer! (Sentiment: positive)

I had read the other reviews about it being heavy for a mask, but when I picked it up, I was very surprised by the box's almost obscene heft and/or my weakness. When I got home, I was excited to try the mask so I washed my face then attempted to open a VERY well sealed box. Tools were required. Only to find the usual instruction manual, charging cord and AN ACTUAL FN BRICK in yet another factory sealed box. You know a rectangular stone for buildings... old school like "ANOTHER BRICK IN THE WALL" or "Ow, she's a brick house... She's mighty-mighty, just lettin' it all hang out". I wish. I'm still ugly & alone with a 600 dollar brick. It's not even a nice looking brick. Look at the picture and tell me different. In hind sight. My cat did think the box smelled suspiciously peculiar. She may know more than I think she knows. But unlike Madonna she can't express herself and she is going through a funky phase, right meow. Both Madonna and my cat. (Sentiment: negative)

My wife loves this mask so much. She uses it while she meditates. It has lots of functions and makes for some cool photos. (Sentiment: positive)

Results start to show in as little as a few days. Great product (Sentiment: positive)

I purchased this $599 TheraFace Mask during my visit to Miami before Christmas, intending it as a Christmas gift. I ordered it online and picked it up in the Best Buy store located at 550 N Congress Ave, Boynton Beach, FL 33426. I didn’t open the package immediately since it was intended as a Christmas present. After Christmas, to my disbelief, I discovered that the expensive face mask was missing. Instead, the box contained what appeared to be a milkshake or protein shake wrapped with tape and sponges. This startled me, as the bottles seemed to have been opened and the caps screwed back on. I was uncertain about their contents and whether they might be harmful. I must retain the box as I need to address this matter with Best Buy. I'm keeping my fingers crossed and I am hoping that the contents of the two bottles are not harmful to anyone. I promptly contacted Best Buy, but they advised me to return to the store, which wasn't feasible as I had returned to another state. The customer service representative agreed to investigate the matter and assured a follow-up within 48 hours. Unfortunately, I received no callback after 48 hours. I made multiple follow-up calls. During my last inquiry, I was advised to dispute the charge. I have initiated the dispute but have not received any updates yet. As a loyal tech member who trusts Best Buy, I am perplexed about the incident and hope that Best Buy can conduct an investigation to identify the perpetrator and resolve my dispute as soon as possible. This is truly bothering me every day. (Sentiment: negative)

Do you want to look like you’re a super hero, while taking care of your skin? Then this is the product for you! The Theramask by Therabody is an LED skincare mask that not only provides the benefits of LEDs to your skin, but also vibration therapy. I tested the product for a week before writing this review, but keep in mind that if you’re looking for noticeable results, you need to be patient and consistent with the product for at least 2 or 3 months. So what is my experience with it after one week? My mask arrived fully charged so all I had to do was to adjust the straps to fit my head and face. This only took a minute maybe, and my only comment was that the mask felt a little heavy on my face. The mask is very easy to use because you have a button on the right side that starts the 9 min program, which is the intended way to use this product. Alternatively, you can use the left button for a 15 min vibration therapy, if you just want a relaxing head and face massage. You can cycle through the programs by clicking the button again. The three cycles are described in the manual. The first time I used it, I used it as is, meaning with the eye shield. After the 9 min treatment, I noticed thin red lines where the eye shield rested on my nose, but don’t worry, they went away after 10 mins. In my case, they were right on a mosquito bite scar that I’m actually trying to heal with this device (among other things), so day 2 and forward, I used it without the eye shield. This meant of course, that I had to keep my eyes closed the entire time, which was not a problem at all. With the eye shield, you can actually open them just fine, but I cannot recommend to open them at all without the eye protector. I did not notice any problems with my vision afterwards, in case anyone is wondering. Even after a week of daily use. On day 2, I wanted to try it while lying down, meaning that the mask was resting on my face. The mask is a little heavy, so it wasn’t the most comfortable way to perform the treatment, and it did leave slight imprints and some red spots on my skin afterwards, that went away in maybe 15 mins. On day 3, I did it the “right” way, at least for me. Sitting in a chair, no eye shield with music playing in the background. This is the way. The LEDs make it feel like I’m at the beach, and the vibration feels like a relaxing massage, so it’s almost like a spa treatment that’s focusing on skin issues like wrinkles, fine lines and acne. Like I said, I’ve only been using this device for a week, so I can’t say that major improvements have occurred just yet. What I like about this company is that they don’t overpromise. They know that skin improvements won’t happen overnight or in a week. They’re promising results in 2 - 3 months, and that I can buy into. LED therapy is a true and tested concept and is recommended and performed by many dermatologists all over the world, so being able to do it at the comfort of your own home is absolutely wonderful. It’s been a week, and I have not needed to charge it yet, but it does use a regular USB-C cable (included), so you can charge it with a phone charger you already own. In terms of maintenance, TheraFace recommends to clean the device after each use. It’s very easy to clean, so I did not find this to be an inconvenience. There’s a stand included that keeps the mask in place while not in use. Lastly, while reading the manual, I discovered a warning about using this device with skin products such as retinoids and benzoyl peroxide. I personally use Adapalene every night, and did not find it to cause any issues for me (no redness, dryness or irritation), but if you’re using something stronger, such as Tretinoin, then you might want to be more cautious, especially with the infrared light, which can be skipped by pushing the right button. The real benefit of using this device, is the combination of the different lights, so that is the best way to use it, but of course, if it causes irritation, use caution. If you’re looking for a new way to treat your skin besides the usual sunscreen, moisturizer and retinoid, then look no further. What’s nice is that it only takes 9 mins per day, so if you do this first thing in the morning with some relaxing music or the news on in the background, it can become a wonderful addition to your daily skincare routine. (Sentiment: negative)

My wife (a physician), has been on a tear lately with laser therapy. She attended a conference a few months ago where there was a presentation on laser/LED light therapy for wound healing. Also, one of the ortho surgeons she refers to all the time has started using a light therapy rig in his Physical Therapy suite. Since then she has purchased a light therapy 'gun' to see if it can help with some pain issues she has been having with her neck (no I'm not the pain), and her knees. While there isn't a ton of peer-reviewed studies on laser/LED light therapy, what there is, is pretty promising. When I told her about the Therabody TheraFace Mask to help with wrinkles and acne, she didn't hesitate to say "Get it!" Despite being almost 50, she has always had trouble with her skin and despite religious use of sunscreen (for the last 20 years or so), she has her fair share of wrinkles. Me, I hardly ever got zits even when I was a teenager, but years out on the flight line in the Air Force and growing up as a pasty white kid in Hawaii and Arizona (before sunscreen was really a thing), has done a number on my face. I'm also kinda hoping that it can help treat some of the damage I've caused to my own skin. First off, the mask is a bit intimidating upon opening the box. It looks like the mask from the 'Friday the 13th' movies but nice and futuristic. On a side note, I'm sure Jason could have used the TheraFace mask himself. Anyway, upon trying it on I noticed that it doesn't seem to be really intended for adult men to use. The band sits rather high on my head, which is not egregiously large, but is obviously longer/taller than it was designed for. That being said, I could still use the straps to hold it to my face securely. The mask fit much better on my wife who is a rather petite woman. You have the buttons on either side of the mask to pick your light/massage therapy. All of the three light profiles have a massage routine along with it (massage being done by rubber pads on the face and motors in the straps), that you can cycle through or turn off with the massage button, or you can also just do different massage therapies with no light. Both my wife and I agree that the mask would be far better without the massage function. To me it doesn't really seem to do anything than just vibrate the mask, and for my wife, it actively gave her headaches. If nothing else, it would be better if the light button was only for light modes, and the massage button was only for massage modes, instead of turning on the light therapy and having to cycle through all the massage profiles until you reach 'off'. I wish I could tell you that I look 50 years younger (very zygote-like), but just as it took years of sun exposure to weather my face and years of blemishes for my wife to drive her crazy, it's going to take more than the week that we've had this to truly see the results. We have high hopes though, and if nothing else I have a wicked cool Halloween mask! (Sentiment: negative)

Unboxing this Therabody TheraFace Mask was quite interesting. I almost held my breath in expectation. Seriously. I didn't quite know what this unusual facial therapy device would be like. Yet I went into this curious as to what long-term benefits this mask might have as part of my daily self-care routine. The mask was bigger than I'd imagined. But then again, the overall size needs to fit your face. I'm assuming a basic average facial measurement size was decided upon to fit most people. At first glance, the TheraFace Mask is like something out of a movie or video game. I will confess, it was somewhat intimidating. But once I'd put the mask on, following the detailed instructions, it was much less intimidating an experience. Because I'm not used to anything like this mask fully covering my face, I felt a bit claustrophobic. However, I quickly got used to how it felt wearing the mask, making sure to adjust the straps so as to balance the weight of the device on my head for better comfort and in order to get the mask positioned properly. I can say that there was plenty of air circulation between the mask and my face, so I could breathe just fine. But after my first 9-minute "treatment," my face felt a little warm, though not overly much; not to where it was concerning. Now what was slightly concerning to me, was that my lower face stung a little, almost as if I had the beginnings of a light sunburn. There was minimal pinkening of my skin (as the User Manual advised there might be), and this did go away after about 10 minutes. Another thing I noticed was that after each treatment, my face felt really dried out. The manual recommends using your favorite moisturizer should this occur. *Before using this device: DO read through the User Manual, paying particular attention to the Safety Information, Care & Cleaning, and Warnings & Guidance sections. As for quality, there is no question that this Therabody TheraFace Mask is made exceptionally well. And with this device being FDA approved, I feel reasonably confident that it has been tested over the required amount of time, and would be safe for 'most' people. But would I recommend? No. This facial therapy mask IS quite pricey. More importantly, as for me myself, I have too many "reservations" about this technology. However, if you are considering such a device, please do some research before buying. (Sentiment: negative)

The TheraFace Mask is a unique product that caught my eye by not only providing LED skin treatment but also incorporating Therabody’s expertise in motorized massage. The Mask includes a charging cable, stand, and a removable eye shield. Unlike most LED masks on the market that are wired with consumer grade LEDs, the TheraFace mask is wireless and utilizes medical grade LEDs. In addition, 17 of Therabody’s proprietary QX-Micro Motors are programmed with 3 distinct vibration patterns. I found the mask to be a little large for my small head, but I was able to adjust the straps to find a sweet spot. Initially, my instinct to tighten it like a VR headset proved to be a mistake. The Mask felt heavy and put a lot of pressure around my eyes and brow. Once I loosened it up and found a comfortable snug fit it was easy to just pull the mask on and off, leaving it properly adjusted for the proportions of my melon. Once dialed in and eye shield removed I found the Mask to be very relaxing, meditative even. The default 9-minute session provides not only the full treatment potential of the mask but also comforting massages that compliment the light well. With my eyes closed the mask guides you through the session with changing vibration patterns, visible light, and audible tones. The mask also offers a 15-minute vibration only session or you can even turn off the vibration during your light treatment if you choose. Lacking any comparison, the battery life is good and I was able to use the device about a week before charging. It should be noted that the TheraFace Mask is a Class II medical device containing an incredible 648 professional strength Red, Infrared, and Blue LED lights. These particular wavelengths were chosen to provide clinically proven therapy to reduce breakouts, fine lines, and wrinkles. Therabody even conducted their own study with the product over 12 weeks, consisting of 9-minute sessions Monday through Saturday and vibration only on Sunday. The results are available on their website but in their study, participants saw results in as little as 8 weeks. Though I would not consider the improvements drastic, there is visible improvement. I have only used the product a little over a week so it is far too early for me to see a marked difference but my skin may be slightly better toned and I have not had any of the occasional pimples either. I genuinely enjoy using the mask and have incorporated it into my daily routine. The sessions provide a nice meditation for me, though it may not be for everyone and your spouse may think Halloween came early. Regardless, the device is very promising and with the relaxing massage it provides, I look forward to maintaining my skin overtime. (Sentiment: positive)

In my 40 years on Earth, I've never been too strict on my skin routine. My wife finally convinced me 10 or so years ago that daily moisturizing was a good idea, so other than that, I've been low maintenance. I've been blessed with naturally good skin, with little deep wrinkles compared to an average 40-year-old who's not afraid of the sun. If you were to tell me five years ago that I'd one day wear a $600 mask nine minutes a day to improve my skin, I would have laughed at you. However, after using this for a week, the TheraFace mask is a legitimate product that works. My favorite aspect of this mask is the massage feature. It helps relax your face. It's made up of "17 QX-Micro Motors deliver massaging vibrations to key pressure points around the eyes, browline, and scalp to ease tension and revitalize tired eyes." Let me tell you, after a day of staring at computer screens, this thing will help you relax before bed. I've even used it first thing in the morning, which gives me a nice refreshing feeling before starting the day. Besides the vibrations, this thing sports a whopping 648 microlights that emit wavelengths that are clinically proven to improve skin. For example, the blue light helps with acne! That's amazing. Although I don't have an acne issue, I can imagine letting my son use this daily to improve any problems he may have when he's a teenager. Looking at this mask, you may think it looks uncomfortable, but it isn't. It has a quality heft to it, but thanks to the adjustable strap, you'll be able to fit it in a super comfortable way. There is an eye guard to allow you to keep your eyes open when the lights emit, but I'd first close your eyes and really sink into the experience. But when it becomes a routine, you can keep your eyes open and read or watch TV throughout. Without the eye guard, you won't want to have your eyes open due to the extreme lights. The battery life is excellent, too, as I've only had to recharge it 1-2 times in the week I've had it. And it's been used by myself and my wife every day. It charges USB-C, which has a connector inside the mask. A green LED lights up to let you know it's fully charged. A stand also comes with the mask, but the stand does not charge the mask. I assume this is because they don't want you to overcharge the battery or risk it malfunctioning if it stays on the charger for most of the day. It's easy enough to charge it when you need to. It doesn't take more than 30 minutes for it to fully charge. The asking price of $600 may seem very steep, especially for those who have yet to use or learn about Therabody's devices. I've seen their other products around the internet and know that their handheld massage devices and skin-enhancing devices are top-notch. All of them are highly rated for their quality and results. This mask is no different. It's the most convenient and straightforward device they offer for your skin, so I can understand the price tag. It's one product that doesn't need firmware updates or much improvement, so you can use it for many years. (Sentiment: positive)

45 year-old woman, living in the desert southwest. I have more wrinkles than I’d like to see (don’t we all) and my complexion is relatively normal. Not a lot of acne or breakouts. Just wrinkles in the forehead and around the eyes, and my facial skin isn’t as healthy or glowy as I’d like. I had a cheap LED mask that I bought off an online retailer a couple of years ago that I had used but didn’t feel like it did much. So I was definitely interested in seeing what the TheraFace Mask might be able to do for me. The TheraFace Mask uses LED lights to treat wrinkles and treat moderate to mild acne. It also has a vibration therapy mode. The manual doesn’t say what the vibration mode does for your skin, but I wholeheartedly enjoyed it. I’m assuming it helps the skin relax. The TherFace Mask is extremely easy to use. It is wireless, so you don’t have to mess with cables following you around. It can be worn while you are moving around the house and definitely be used to freak out your kids when you show up in their rooms with it on at night. There is a preprogrammed 9 minute cycle that you can select in which the mask runs through a series of LED and vibration therapies. You can also decide, by using the buttons and long pressing, to focus on certain types of light therapy, or run a 15-minute vibration therapy session, which is extremely relaxing. I’ve used it every night for the last 7 nights, running the 9 minute therapy cycle as suggested by the manual. It is super easy to wear and super comfortable. I know the biggest question of all, however, is does it work. For me, the jury is still out on the answer. There are times (and I’ve tried sharing some pictures of the days I’ve worn it) that I feel like it has helped lighten wrinkles and cleared up my complexion, but then there are other times when I don’t feel it’s down much. I plan to use it for a month and see if I can compare a months worth of pictures and see a difference. I can tell you that the vibration mode is extremely relaxing to the face and scalp, and that I feel like it has done some good for my wrinkles and complexion, but it’s so gradual that I can’t be fully sure. (Sentiment: positive)

The ThermaBody TheraFace Mask is a revolutionary skincare tool that combines cutting-edge thermal therapy with advanced skin rejuvenation technology. Designed to deliver spa-quality results at home, this mask utilizes gentle heat to enhance blood circulation and boost the absorption of your favorite serums and creams. With its sleek, ergonomic design, the TheraFace Mask fits comfortably on your face, providing a soothing and relaxing experience. The adjustable temperature settings allow for a personalized treatment, catering to various skin sensitivities and needs. This mask is especially effective for easing tension, reducing puffiness, and promoting a healthy, radiant glow. One of the standout features of the TheraFace Mask is its dual-action therapy. Not only does it provide thermal benefits, but it also incorporates gentle vibration to stimulate facial muscles, enhancing skin firmness and elasticity. Ideal for all skin types, it’s particularly beneficial for those looking to reduce the appearance of fine lines and achieve a more youthful complexion. Using the ThermaBody TheraFace Mask just a few times a week can transform your skincare routine, offering a luxurious and effective treatment that elevates your skin to new levels of smoothness and luminosity. This mask is a must-have for anyone serious about achieving and maintaining radiant, healthy skin. (Sentiment: positive)

The TheraFace Mask isn’t my first foray into LED light facials, as I’ve had this procedure done professionally in-office by an esthetician as a treatment for acne as a teen. However, this is the first time I’ve had a consumer level device that allows me to perform these treatments at home. This product is FDA-cleared and safe for all skin types, Fitzpatrick scale 1-6, though the manual recommends against use if you have dark brown or black freckles, moles, or birthmarks on your face. You also should not apply retinol containing products immediately before use as your skin would be more sensitive to light. The mask has two adjustable Velcro straps for the circumference and height of your head (back and top straps) so that the mask doesn't move on your face. It's a bit heavier than I'd anticipated, but the treatments are short, only 9 minutes. A rubber eyeshield protects your eyes from the lights while the machine is operating; they are removable, however, the recommendation is to keep your eyes closed during treatment if not installed. The eyeshield and eight rubber massage pads around it exert a firm but gentle pressure on your face and can leave behind some redness after treatment. Like marks from wearing swim goggles, these fade away after about 15 minutes. The mask itself looks a bit like a hockey mask with a plain white front, a slightly flexible seam down the middle, and two eye holes that allow you to see through it. There is no mouth hole but the mask is far enough away from your face that it doesn't obstruct breathing. Do note, however, that the depth of the mask causes you to lose a bit of your peripheral vision, like having blinders on, so your field of view will be restricted. You’ll need to be a bit more cautious walking around as I’ve found it’s easy to bump into and trip over things. Embedded in the mask are 648 red, blue, and infrared lights that run through 3 modes in sequence. Red light mode targets fine lines and wrinkles by enhancing collagen production, red with infrared penetrates your skin a little deeper to improve dark spots, even out skin tone, and boost circulation for better skin radiance or glow, and blue light helps to clear mild to moderate inflammatory acne. The inner part of the mask that sits around your eyes is made from a clear rubber while the parts that sit farther from your face are hard plastic. The lights feel a bit warm during use, but do not get hot. The controls are simple: just press and hold the LED button on the right-hand-side of the mask, and it will start a fixed program that runs each mode for 3 minutes. You can skip a mode by short pressing the LED button to move on to the next mode. While the LED therapies are running, you will receive vibration therapy by default. During the red light mode, the massagers use a wave pattern of vibrations that ramp up and down in pulses of intensity around your eyes then around your head. For the second cycle of red and infrared light, it switches to a breathing massage pattern, which increases in intensity over a 5 second period prompting you to inhale, then fades out slowly indicating when to exhale. In blue light mode, only the head massager vibrators are active in a continuous pattern. The gentle vibrations are a bit strange at first and can cause a tickling sensation in the ears but are overall quite soothing, if just a bit noisy. If you prefer a different massage mode during LED treatment, you can change it by short pressing the vibration button on the left-hand-side of the mask, and it will cycle through the three patterns and off. Alternatively, if you want only vibration without light therapy, you can long press the vibration button when turning on the device and choose the pattern you want to use for a 15-minute massage treatment. Note that all 8 eye massagers and 9 headband massagers will be active in this mode. The device charges via USB-C through a port located on the underside of the right eyepiece. An adjacent status LED flashes while charging: orange for low battery, blue for medium, and turns a solid green when fully charged. On a full charge you can use the device around 12 times (LED lights with massage activated). To check the remaining power level, just short press either of the buttons and the LED will illuminate green, blue, or orange for 30 seconds. The recommended care of the mask is to wipe the mask down after each use to prevent the buildup of dead skin, debris, or bacteria. Therabody recommends disinfecting the mask for 3 minutes, three times with isopropyl alcohol, so cleaning the unit may take you longer than the treatment itself. I like to use a lint-free disposable cloth like alcohol towelettes or kimwipes, as tissues and paper towel tend to leave behind fibers on the rubber. The mask comes with a chin stand for storage which works well. Overall, I’ve found using this product to be a pretty relaxing experience. The soft massage vibrations are pleasant but optional, and the treatments are short while still allowing me to do other things like use my phone or read. I’ve used the product once a day for about a week, so I haven’t noticed a huge change to my skin. However, the day of my first treatment, I had a zit developing and within a few days, it had resolved without breaking the skin or leaving a mark. I look forward to seeing more results over time. I do wish the USB cable were a bit longer as at 2 ft, it doesn’t quite reach the power strip on the floor by my nightstand, but I like that it comes with a USB-A adapter, so it can be used with both USB-A or USB-C type chargers. (Sentiment: negative)

I have been trying out the new Therabody TheraFace Mask now for 9 minutes a day for 7 days. I do not think that this is enough time to get a true, objective result of what this mask is supposed to do for you, which is to treat full face wrinkles, treat acne, relieve headaches, and give a relaxing head massage. I will say that, no matter what, the results are difficult, if not impossible, to quantify. In this short trial, I did find that the mask feels very heavy on the bridge of my nose and on my brow. I find that as the light and massage program progresses through its paces of bright red LED light therapy with a pulsating scalp, brow and temple massage pattern, then to a red and infrared LED light phase with a scalp and back of the head pulsating pattern, and finally to the blue LED light phase with continuous back of the head massage, the heaviness of the mask defeats the benefits of the pleasing massage and, for me, it becomes very uncomfortable. It may be the shape of my face, the size of my head, the narrowness of my nose bridge, the incorrect adjustment of the top and back velcro straps that just makes it uncomfortable for me. You may not have the same experience. However, I have tried multiple adjustments and positionings to try to alleviate these issues and I have not been successful. This mask promises so much and costs a pretty penny, so I really want this to work. But, wanting and being are two different things, so I guess that I am just one of the unlucky ones. Again, I can't say that everyone will find the same uncomfortable pressure from the weight of the mask that I have experienced. Reading some of the other reviews leads me to believe that I may be an outlier. So, you will have to experience wearing the mask yourself to make your own judgement. I wish you the best. (Sentiment: negative)

I was excited to receive the product for review, as I’ve been reading up on light therapy and its benefits. After opening package, my son quickly stated how creepy it is. It does make you look like Jason from Friday the 13th. After using the Theraface Mask for 7 uses, here is a quick summary of pros and cons on the product. For reference, I also use the following products on my face: vitamin C, hyaluronic acid, retinol, moisturizer, SPF. Pros: 1. Easy to use. Only 2 buttons to use: one to turn light therapy on and a button to turn on massage feature. 2. Head straps are adjustable to make for an easy fit. 3. Has three light settings (red light, red w/infrared light, blue light) and mask rotates through all three on its own or you can skip any of them at the touch of a button. 4. Massage feature is great. Massage is located on the head straps on around forehead. Again, massage feature is easy to stop if you don’t like it with a different button. 5. Quick to use. Each of the 3 light settings are only 3 minutes long. You only need to use for 9 minutes if using all three settings. 6. Comes with a stand for your countertop. Cons: 1. Light is very bright, need to keep eyes closed. 2. Takes up a bit of space on counter. 3. This last one is not necessarily a con, but more of a limitation and or precaution. Theraface recommends in its user manual to consult a medical professional before use. It states, “if taking or using any retinol or other sun-sensitive medications, products, or benzoyl peroxide, do not use infrared light.” I currently use retinol; therefore, I only use the red light and blue light setting. I skip the red w/infrared setting. So, in total, my treatment only lasts 6 minutes as opposed to 9 when all three settings are used. Also, another limitation that gave me pause is using this device with dark brown spots. The manual states, “The device should not be used if you have dark brown or black spots, such as large freckles, birthmarks, moles, or warts, on the area being treated.” I first had to make sure none of these applied to me. Regardless, it is important to read all the Safety information provided in the manual. In summary, after using for only 7 times, I figured my review would discuss mostly the ease and comfort of using this product, but not actual visible results. I was wrong. Initially, I thought, 7 days isn’t very long to be able to see any results on fine lines and wrinkles (the reason why I’m using it). However, there does seem to be some visible differences after 7 uses. I took before and after pictures and tried to get the same lighting and angle for consistency. Overall, I am happy with the product and would recommend it to a friend. And I gave it 5 stars for ease of use and what seems like effectiveness after 7 uses. (Sentiment: negative)

I've been reviewing products for years now and this is one of the toughest products I've reviewed. With most skincare products, you need to use it for more than a week to really see a difference and this product is no different. I've been using it regularly for about a week and haven't seen any noticeable results but that should be expected as most products take 6-12 weeks of continuous use to see results. That being said, this product does have some features that I think work well. For example, the facial massage does relax you. At first, I didn't believe that it was that relaxing, but I nearly fell asleep after the nine minute light and massage therapy. I now use it right before I go to sleep to help relax me. The light therapy uses red, blue, and infrared LEDs to help firm up the skin and reduce the appearance of wrinkles. The nine minute daily routine cycles through the three types of lights, while also providing the facial massage. It is easy to use and comes with a USB-C charger and stand. It does look a little like a cross between a Michael Myers hockey mask and Groot, so maybe it can double as a Halloween mask. :) There is an option to just use the vibration massage without the lights, since it is recommended to only use the LEDs daily, so you can still get a massage without the lights. There is also an eye shield that can be removed if you plan to use it with your eyes closed. I personally wouldn't recommend taking the shield off unless you are closing your eyes. The one challenge I've had is that the head straps could use a little longer strip of velcro. I didn't think I had that small of a head but I am tightening it right to end of the velcro. Overall, I will continue to use it daily for the next 5-10 weeks to see if there is a difference in my skin texture and minor wrinkles. I do like the vibration massage feature and will continue to use that before bedtime. That being said, I have a hard time recommending this product without seeing changes in my skin tone in the one week I've used it. If you read the science articles about LED lights, this is supposed to work and is recommended by the FDA, so maybe it is just a matter of time before it works...and it is an expensive item to go on faith that it will eventually work. (Sentiment: negative)

